id                                      36...36   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
status                                  1...1   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
oprettet                                23...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: true
ændret                                  23...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: true
vejkode                                 4...4   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
vejnavn                                 3...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
adresseringsvejnavn                     3...20   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
husnr                                   1...4   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
etage                                   0...2   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
dør                                     0...4   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
supplerendebynavn                       0...14   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
postnr                                  4...4   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
postnrnavn                              5...12   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
stormodtagerpostnr                      0...0   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
stormodtagerpostnrnavn                  0...0   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
kommunekode                             4...4   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
kommunenavn                             6...6   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
ejerlavkode                             6...7   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
ejerlavnavn                             5...21   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
matrikelnr                              1...15   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
esrejendomsnr                           1...6   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
etrs89koordinat_øst                     4...18   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
etrs89koordinat_nord                    6...18   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
wgs84koordinat_bredde                   7...18   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
wgs84koordinat_længde                   6...11   	is_number: true 	is_float: true
nøjagtighed                             1...10   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
kilde                                   1...1   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
tekniskstandard                         1...2   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
tekstretning                            2...6   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
ddkn_m100                               3...15   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
ddkn_km1                                12...15   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
ddkn_km10                               11...12   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
adressepunktændringsdato                11...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
adgangsadresseid                        23...36   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
adgangsadresse_status                   1...36   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
adgangsadresse_oprettet                 1...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
adgangsadresse_ændret                   23...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: true
regionskode                             4...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
regionsnavn                             4...18   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
jordstykke_ejerlavnavn                  15...18   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
kvhx                                    5...21   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
sognekode                               4...15   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
sognenavn                               6...19   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
politikredskode                         4...4   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
politikredsnavn                         3...28   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
retskredskode                           4...4   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
retskredsnavn                           15...28   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
opstillingskredskode                    4...4   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
opstillingskredsnavn                    10...15   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
zone                                    4...8   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
jordstykke_ejerlavkode                  7...11   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
jordstykke_matrikelnr                   1...15   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
jordstykke_esrejendomsnr                4...7   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
kvh                                     1...12   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
højde                                   2...6   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
adgangspunktid                          12...36   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
vejpunkt_id                             1...36   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
vejpunkt_kilde                          7...36   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
vejpunkt_nøjagtighed                    1...36   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
vejpunkt_tekniskstandard                2...10   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
vejpunkt_x                              1...10   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
vejpunkt_y                              2...11   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
afstemningsområdenummer                 1...10   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
afstemningsområdenavn                   5...11   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
brofast                                 1...2   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
supplerendebynavn_dagi_id               5...16   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
navngivenvej_id                         1...36   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
menighedsrådsafstemningsområdenummer    0...6   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
menighedsrådsafstemningsområdenavn      6...36   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
vejpunkt_ændret                         1...26   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
ikrafttrædelse                          5...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
nedlagt                                 23...26   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
adgangsadresse_ikrafttrædelse           23...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
adgangsadresse_nedlagt                  0...0   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
adgangsadresse_darstatus                1...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
darstatus                               0...1   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
storkredsnummer                         1...1   	is_number: true 	is_float: false
storkredsnavn                           1...11   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
valglandsdelsbogstav                    1...1   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
valglandsdelsnavn                       11...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
landsdelsnuts3                          1...5   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
landsdelsnavn                           11...23   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
betegnelse                              5...27   	is_number: false 	is_float: false
